for the football club in their black
shirts with the gray numbers and we are
just a couple minutes away from getting
this thing underway I think before we
get started here as we mentioned is the
newark international soccer tournament
been played here at NJIT and at
rutgers-newark during the week and all
the games are played in accordance with
the fif a except where noted and I guess
we'll have to pick that up as we go
along but the one thing we you should
know right off 45 minute halves for
these games yeah key to the the FIFA
rules here most high schools allow
unlimited substitutions which in this
heat would have been key we're playing
here tonight limited substitution once a
player comes off the field he will not
be allowed to go back on attack with
some more numbers than they have been
and already it looks like they've got
two guys up front where the first few
games they were playing with one solo
forward so that's nice to see well they
might have been a little leery with the
press clippings they've received from
Mexico in st. pen and there's the header
for the goal right off the bat for
Trinity well sort of what we've seen all
along from them unfortunately lacks
marking inside the box values mean you
also ain't that the fans that have been
at these games have been not just there
to watch but they've been cheering and
getting his cited even in the heat they
been having a great time and enjoying
some really good soccer the atmosphere
has been tremendous it said Jack they're
constantly defending they're constantly
having to be put under pressure and
that's taxing even on kicks like that
they're not getting it to their players
almost all the time there we go now they
might be some here intercepted in
Alexander couldn't catch up with it that
was one of the keys that we talked about
for the game for Trinidad was getting
the ball to the forwards which they
goalkeeping coach you play goalkeeper
you work at Camp to teach kids what do
you would if you're
that's coach what did you tell him
coming in to today's game when he's been
pummeled a lot this this tournament so
far how do you get him how do you get
him motivated for this game the
goalkeeper yes his motivation is not
taking them nine goals again you know
once you get past three that that really
starts to wear on you as a goalkeeper
you don't see many games at this level
where teams score more than three goals
in a match grow in from the side they
have a long throw here Trinity so it's
almost like a corner kick they have a
guy that can get that pretty deep into
the box this isn't a missed a header
dare but the ball still free in the gold
box and now finally kicked out and look
on look on the screen and that kicked
right at callin and callin moves in and
calling Luke's a shot and it goes it I
was about as well placed as shot as you
ever gonna see I was knocking on the
back post there i'm not sure if the
Trinidad player knocked it in or trinity
player knocked it in but when they
played balls into the box kelly i said
we got sort of here is the allison you
were talking about before they got the
ball up that time but it was two against
five you're not gonna you're not gonna
give me what's uh not gonna have much
success with those numbers that's a
great ball see what happens here in a
nice touch there and the goal by number
eight Shane Colin they saw that coming
that great ball into space he had to
stay you know he came out halfway and
then he started as he came out to hey it
was quite no man's land he came out to
the top of the box and any stuff I think
I think the key is from the very
beginning that you have a joint
commitment from everybody involved that
it's not just about soccer but it's
about bringing communities together from
other parts of the world as well as
within the community of New York which
has been really a big success this week
we've been really thrilled with the
turnout and the support from the
different communities right here in New
York I think we can feel really good
about the way this year's tournament has
gone and I think that that would
certainly be an encouraging part if we
were to sit down and talk about a
tournament for next year I know that
there is a lot of thought being put
forth to possibility of putting it
together the next year of course there's
a lot of effort involved and I do know
that the people who have put it together
this you are really committed to making
this a community effort again next year
so we're hoping we're hoping we can go
in that direction